as you know santa claus has his hands
full over this next couple of weeks he's
making toys people are questioning his
ethnicity he's overwhelmed so Guerra and
I decided to pitch in to help he broke
out our trusty lie detector to help him
determine which kids deserve to get
presents this year and which Don I
should mention the lie detector is fake
I control it with my foot but
seven-year-old Taylor didn't know that
and so she swore to tell the truth and
nothing but the truth
hi nice to meet you
nice to meet you too that's the truth
fairy hi the truth fairy is gonna put a
lie detector on you okay okay
and so it's an electronic device
attached to your fingers and to your
head there and if you do lie to me we
will hear a buzzer we will know that you
are lying so I ask that you tell the
complete truth okay okay
okay very good as you know christmas is
coming up have you done anything
anything at all naughty this year no
okay no right off the bat we're getting
some lies so just go ahead and tell me
some of the naughty things you did it's
okay but tell me the truth and well
sometimes I don't really clean up after
my dog because well I know Santa does it
because one night when we visit Virginia
it was Christmas Day and I went onto my
yard and I'm like what is that it was
big Ranger poop Wow
know why I thought he cleaned up after
his reindeer did I tell you something
and I and I just if you can keep this
between us would be great
Santa's reindeer didn't poop on the lawn
Santa pooped on the lawn yeah he's in
that sleigh for you know the whole night
and sometimes with all the cookies that
people leave him which sometimes he just
has to go so Santa could be like yard in
Virginia mm-hmm he was a kid does
naughty things sometimes in fact you
know Santa for a while was pooping in
the house yeah and it was a problem
because people you know people want to
know what's going on they're blaming
their children do you think it's better
to give gifts or to get gifts I think
give I mean like it from but I did make
it that's what I mean they get oh okay
all right that makes more sense they get
so you think it's better to receive than
to give yeah I still need to learn that
you want I kind of still need to learn
that when's the last time you did
something really nice actually not
really I can't think of anything well
I'm glad you're being honest about it I
mean you know not everyone does nice
things not everyone you included yeah
maybe you can do some nice things before
Christmas times enough do you do your
chores well not all the time not all the
time
okay tell me what times when my dad
tells me to take out the dog I did
mm-hmm
yummy Stewart's sure that he never does
he stated that the my brother Oh your
brother okay your brother's named after
a mouse no he's your brother my mouse
well he knows the show of Stuart little
he does so do you think I should write
him down for no gifts
maybe or maybe like half again Wow maybe
we'll chop something in half and give it
to him
like maybe half a cookie like half a
bracelet or necklace oh that's a good
idea
we'll get him half a bracelet or net
half a necklace all right have you done
anything else you want to tell me about
this year is there anything that I could
say to Santa that would you know because
the nicer you've been the more gifts
you're gonna get I mean it's as simple
as that
no not really nothing hmm I've one more
question for you do you think the truth
fairy is beautiful yes well just for the
little white things that kind of looks
well no I'm not really asking I could
use a little prettier I'm just saying
look at the chipper do you think the
truth fairy is beautiful I love the
wings and pink is my favorite color I
know but the question I'm asking is do
you think the true fairy is beautiful
baby wanna stick just a few days to
shake yes hmm see that truth fairy I
told you you should shave for Christmas
Archie I'll chain for Christmas oh okay
you